=====================================================================

DESCRIPTION:

JsDoc Toolkit is an automatic documentation generation tool for
JavaScript. It is written in JavaScript and can run either in a web
browser or on the command line (using Mozilla Rhino). Using this tool
you can automatically turn JavaDoc-like comments in your JavaScript
source code into published output, such as HTML, XML or RTF.

For more information, to report a bug or to browse the technical
documentation for this tool please visit the official JsDoc Toolkit
project homepage: http://code.google.com/p/jsdoc-2/

This project is based on the JSDoc.pm tool, created by Michael 
Mathews, maintained by Gabriel Reid. More information on JsDoc can
be found on the JSDoc.pm homepage: http://jsdoc.sourceforge.net/

Complete documentation on JsDoc Toolkit can be found on the project
wiki at http://code.google.com/p/jsdoc-2/w/list

=====================================================================

USAGE:

Running JsDoc Toolkit on your desktop requires you to have Java
installed and the Mozilla Rhino JavaScript jar file (named "js.jar")
available. Go to http://www.mozilla.org/rhino/download.html to get
js.jar.

On a computer running Windows a valid command line to run JsDoc
Toolkit might look like this:

 > java -jar c:\Java\js.jar lib\JsDoc.js -t=templates\sunny tests\data\

This assumes your current working directory contains the lib, tests
and templates subdirectories from the standard JsDoc Toolkit 
distribution. If you have the js.jar file saved to a place in your
Java CLASSPATH, it can safely be omitted from the command line.

The output documentation files will be saved to a new directory named
"js_docs_out" (by default) in the current directory, or if you specify
a -d=somewhere/else option, the output files will be saved to
the somewhere/else directory instead.

For usage notes enter this:

 > java -jar c:\Java\js.jar lib\JsDoc.js -h

=====================================================================

CREDITS:

Developers who have contributed code to this project include:
  Michael Mathews
  Ryan Zielke
  eleith

=====================================================================

LICENSE:

Copyright (c) 2007 Michael Mathews <micmath@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
